updated getting started documentations for 1.8 version of the driver and controller (#67)
TrossenRobotics/trossen_arm: docs/changelog.rst

  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_arm_external_efforts`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_gripper_external_effort`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_joint_external_effort`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_cartesian_external_efforts`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_all_compensation_efforts`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_arm_compensation_efforts`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_gripper_compensation_effort`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_joint_compensation_effort`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_all_rotor_temperatures`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_arm_rotor_temperatures`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_gripper_rotor_temperature`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_joint_rotor_temperature`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_all_driver_temperatures`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_arm_driver_temperatures`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_gripper_driver_temperature`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_joint_driver_temperature`

>   The old getters are deprecating and will be removed in the next major release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The old getters are deprecated and will be removed in the next major release.
```

  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_positions`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_velocities`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_efforts`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_external_efforts`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_compensation_efforts`

> - Added methods for commanding Cartesian inputs with respect to an tool frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added methods for commanding Cartesian inputs with respect to a tool frame.
  These features are demonstrated in the scripts listed below:
```

Upcoming
========

1.7.8 --> 1.8.0

> ===============

Author: 262ed787b76ceef3174a7e33a19f7ca001fd94c2

Trossen Arm Driver
------------------

- Added a new :enumerator:`trossen_arm::Mode::effort` mode.
  It allows commanding the effort of the joints without any built-in compensation like in the :enumerator:`trossen_arm::Mode::external_effort` mode.
  This mode is useful for applications where full control of the joint efforts is desired.
- Grouped the outputs in :class:`trossen_arm::RobotOutput` and added more fields including

  - :member:`trossen_arm::RobotOutput::Joint::All::compensation_efforts`
  - :member:`trossen_arm::RobotOutput::Joint::All::rotor_temperatures`
  - :member:`trossen_arm::RobotOutput::Joint::All::driver_temperatures`
  - :member:`trossen_arm::RobotOutput::Cartesian::positions`
  - :member:`trossen_arm::RobotOutput::Cartesian::velocities`
  - :member:`trossen_arm::RobotOutput::Cartesian::external_efforts`

- Added helpful output getters to help slicing the vectors for C++ users.

>   For example:

Author: 262ed787b76ceef3174a7e33a19f7ca001fd94c2

  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_all_positions`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_arm_positions`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_gripper_position`
  - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_joint_position`

  The old getters are deprecating.
  For example:

>   - :func:`trossen_arm::TrossenArmDriver::get_positions`

Author: 262ed787b76ceef3174a7e33a19f7ca001fd94c2

> - Added methods for Cartesian inputs.

Author: 262ed787b76ceef3174a7e33a19f7ca001fd94c2

  - :ref:`getting_started/demo_scripts:`cartesian_position`_`
  - :ref:`getting_started/demo_scripts:`cartesian_velocity`_`
  - :ref:`getting_started/demo_scripts:`cartesian_external_effort`_`

- Added the capability to soft reboot the controller via the driver.
  This feature can be used in :ref:`getting_started/demo_scripts:`set_factory_reset_flag`_` for example.

- Added more configurations and revised some previous ones.

  - Added

    - :ref:`getting_started/configuration:joint limits`
    - :ref:`getting_started/configuration:motor parameters`
    - :ref:`getting_started/configuration:algorithm parameter`
    - :member:`trossen_arm::EndEffector::pitch_circle_radius`
    - :member:`trossen_arm::EndEffector::t_flange_tool`

  - removed

    - removed ``continuity_factor`` in :class:`trossen_arm::JointCharacteristic`

>     - removed ``t_max_factor`` in :class:`trossen_arm::EndEffector`

Author: 262ed787b76ceef3174a7e33a19f7ca001fd94c2
